Add Management API > Authentication page (#914)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/ui-api/management-api/overview/index.md

Your workload clusters and other associated resources are represented in the management cluster as [custom resources](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/). To access these, you can use the Kubernetes API of the management cluster, or in short, the Management API.

## How to gain access

Access to the Giant Swarm Control Plane API is secured using OIDC. Our [authentication]({{< relref "/ui-api/management-api/authentication" >}}) section provides additional information both for admins and end users. Please contact your Solution Engineer (SE) to sort out the details.

Currently we provide read-only access by default. As we are currently working on a fine-grained way to control permissions to resources, and validation and defaulting are not implemented to the extend we want to, having write access right now means fully unrestricted access and should only be granted to select individuals.

## How to use

> **Note:** Currently (as of April 2021) we are in a process to enable our [web user interface]({{< relref "/ui-api/web" >}}) for interaction with the Management API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Currently (as of April 2021) we are in the process of enabling our [web user interface]({{< relref "/ui-api/web" >}}) to interact with the Management API.
```
